before we begin let me start by saying
we all want our happy ending but no
relationship comes without strings
attached the styles of our movie today
ah the child of my land Paul kettle
somebody well no some actor named Alicia
a Dollar General Cary Grant somebody we
don't care about and some woman who
pretends to hang us up from the ceiling
bow rope and some man who is not such a
fool as to hang his wife from the
ceiling by a rope play my story begins
with some ice cream and then five people
rolling up to the house on Haunted Hill
and funeral costs to attend this creepy
party of the woman who pretends to hang
us up from the ceiling by a rope and a
man who is not such a fool as to hang
his wife from the ceiling by of rope who
ran the house on Haunted Hill to throw
this creep to potty and Frederick played
by the greatest creepy voice actor of
all time walks into his wife's bedroom
and says you face on yet because it
won't be a day into this movie oh there
I go spoiling the plot again if you're
looking for a perfect ending you best go
watch the notebook because I've given
you two hints now strings attached and a
wife without a face piece that puzzle
together so his wife Annabelle walk over
to her overnight case with a face so
potent it would turn Medusa to stone and
Annabelle says Frederick this house is
so dirty and Frederick says that's the
way meeting the ghosts like it and
Annabelle says I ain't going to your
party and Frederick's thinking well
Alain my party is your funeral and I'm
paying these folks ten thousand dollars
each to witness your alteration into the
afterlife and she says Frederick this
reminds me of the time I tried to drill
a hole through you here remember that
and Frederick says that would have
worked if I hadn't stopped you so he
pulled some champagne and he says of all
my wives you're the least agreeable and
she says but still alive and he's like
that's funny
so Frederick goes down to meet his
alibis / guests of the creepy potty who
will earn their $10,000 each if they
stay all night and not get dead and
Prichard Watson the owner of this house
where many have been murdered gives all
that unsuspecting broke behinds a
showing of what they will have to endure
for the night without losing their minds
over their lives if they want that ten
grand on the tour Watson finds a stale
rat and demonstrates how a man once
offed his wife by throwing her into this
vat of acid and didn't nothing survive
but the bones I've given you three years
now
strings attached a wife without a face
and a VAT
asses my dick grandmama can see what
this is going there's you're both in a
dead woman that might not be a hint
though it might just be a dead giveaway
whoops after the tour everybody has the
good sense to get the hell out of the
house on Haunted Hill creepy cellar with
the vat of acid when don't nothin
survive but bones except the kettle boy
and somebody we don't care about well
one of them gets locked in a room and
the other sees a ghost didn't mind me
dear I'd just like sure enough my
dentures amount of bengay for my
arthritis and I've just got a new
hoverboard bag upstairs the same
somebody we don't care about and cattles
the seductress of stone-faced who warns
her about wandering around the creepy
house alone and upon leaving somebody's
room miss thing then encounters the
kettle boy and says in case you ain't
heard I have a reason my face is frozen
stiff it's my you see my husband unmeant
through a few wives and my future is so
dark I need a flashlight and then she
runs through a room like well I do
nothing who were talking about and he
says would you be so fond of me if I
were paw no she wouldn't and then
somebody finds a head in a box that
looks like he should be screaming and
she runs up the door but she gets
grabbed up by mr. Carson who whispers
something inappropriate in her ear
probably something like I have so much
they killed Matthew and then she stopped
screaming just before midnight the wife
makes her grand entrance and Fredrik
says this is my wife mrs. Loren or as I
like to call her miss take bidden the
caretakers leave just before midnight
and they locked the door on the way out
and Fredrik tells him like it is
he says you're all locked in now so
welcome to my creepy party at the house
on Haunted Hill first things first we
like a classy Fight Club with some
awesome 1959 attire and classic movie
accents and I got some rules up in this
creepy crib first rule of house on
Haunted Hill is everyone gets a gun
second rule a house on Haunted Hill is
everyone shoots my wife
third rule a house on Haunted Hill is
second rule was a joke fourth rule the
house on Haunted Hill is third rule was
the real joke fifth rule of house on
Haunted Hill is I'm so determined for
someone to die tonight I've even given
these pistols downtown of Calvin's ain't
they cute then oh and they'll come round
to find us some lovely lady dumped all
the Brooks Hatlen so Frederick comes
running to and he says somebody put to
his relief he finds it wasn't somebody
you were just as bit a half and so to
protect themselves from what they
believe is a murderer in their midsts
they all locked themselves in their
rooms with nothing but they tiny coffin
companions and naina Rosie's so then
some woman starts creeping outside
somebody's window with bars on it so she
grabs a 45 and runs down the hall
screaming 100 welcome to life among the
poor if somebody runs into Annabelle's
hanging body and starts screaming as she
backs into a door and a creeper hand
reaches for it she stops screaming and
she moves to find Lance for helping
can't find him but finds himself playing
piano and instead asking it to play as
time goes by so stop screaming since it
stops screaming and then stop screaming
and treating goes to Frederick's room
and says did you hear somebody screaming
in first it goes no just an organ not
playing as time goes by you got your
piece let's go stop that screaming you
or that way Vincent okay later Jules but
training interested in stopping that
screaming what you mean to tell me that
that Ghost somebody saw was just some
Scooby scooby-doo movie voodoo trickery
and these two a hot for each other and
the plan was to get the screaming
somebody to kill Frederick so they
didn't have to do the dirty deed
so somebody does the dirty deed and then
she ran screaming but tres on the ready
because he want to make sure his
lovey-doveys husband is double dead to
end no not yet because miss Pitt got to
be checking her wealthy widow status and
the voice of Frederick says hello my
platinum blonde battle axe I have a bone
to pick with you and this is just
screaming and then she keeps Damon and
mr. bone jangles wife up and died and
after 20 years he won't grieve then
Frederick comes out with his mystery
skeleton puppetry machine and he says
good night doctor good night Annabelle
you thought your murder plan was perfect
but you can't outsmart the evil of the
thriller finally the remaining living
ones make that way to the cellar where
Frederick says your forty-fives will
full of blanks
Trent tried to throw me in acid my wife
stumbled and fell and if I go to prison
it won't be any worse than being married
to that ball and chain and the moral of
this story is wasn't more of a story
roses are red violets are blue if anyone
wants you dead is probably your boo go
in be sure to LIKE share and subscribe
for regular fix of meth you can expect
me to upload more videos when he's bit
stop screaming full movies explain fall
I'm Jeb thriller down love you muffin